doc: replace .known-issues with warnings_filter (#4436)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/doc_build.rst

#. Access http://localhost:8000/latest/index.html with your browser to see the documentation.

To add other versions of the documentation to your local documentation output, build the versions from a tagged release and rename the :file:`html` folder to the respective version (for example, |release_number_tt|).

Dealing with warnings
*********************

When building the documentation, all warnings are regarded as errors, so they will make the documentation build fail.

However, there are some known issues with Sphinx and Breathe that generate Sphinx warnings even though the input is valid C code.
To deal with such unavoidable warnings, Zephyr provides the Sphinx extension ``zephyr.warnings_filter`` that filters out warnings based on a set of regular expressions.
You can find the extension at :file:`ncs/zephyr/doc/_extensions/zephyr/warnings_filter.py`.

> The extension has to be enabled only on docsets that require it. It can be done in the ``conf.py`` file of each docset.
> The extension relies on an external file containing regular expressions to filter out warnings related to duplicate C declarations.
> These warnings are caused by different objects (for example, a struct and a function or nested elements) sharing the same name.
> The regular expressions file should be located under each docset folder.
> For example, in case of ``nrf`` it can be found at :file:`ncs/nrf/doc/nrf/known-warnings.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file that defines the expected warnings for the nrf documentation set is located at :file:`ncs/nrf/doc/nrf/known-warnings.txt`.
It contains regular expressions to filter out warnings related to duplicate C declarations.
These warnings are caused by different objects (for example, a struct and a function or nested elements) sharing the same name.
```

Author: This change removes the details on how to enable warnings in other docsets other than `nrf`, this information needs to be provided. Other future docsets (e.g. nrfx) will also need this feature enabled.

Author: adjusted
